HaSeul: As you see, I got my bangs back, although it's just half of it.
HaSeul: And she got a kind of apple hairstyle~
ViVi: I graduated from that apple hairstyle~
Olivia Hye: Right, I took it from her like this!
(Actually, youngest members are loved by others!)
(Here comes the member who has the most-viewed solo music video among LOOΠΔ!)
'Oh, did you know that?'
JinSoul: Of course~
JinSoul: Because I'm one of the viewers!
Go Won: Right~ she watches the music video everyday!
JinSoul: Have you ever filmed your music video in the water?
(Choerry lost what to say...)
Choerry: The camera is going down like this!
Olivia Hye: Is it stairs?
JinSoul: Only a year difference in age, right?
(Good chemistry between two youngest members of LOOΠΔ)
HyunJin: Let me do 2 line poem with Orbit(오빛)!
HyunJin: [O, 오] Only for you, fans!
HyunJin: [B, 빛] Brighten the light forever!
(Goosebumps! She made it!)
Yves: O(Au)...
Yves: O(Au)stralo~
'[B, 빛]'
Yves: B(P)ithecus~
(Yves nailed it again!)
HeeJin: O(Au)stralob(p)ithecus~
(such a great 2 line poem!)
HeeJin: Amazing!